Shweta google assignment process (#2218)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: migration/mover-gsuite.md

![restricted file](media/restricted-file.png)

> ## Multi Parenting behavior G Suite Drive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Multi-parenting behaviour in G Suite Drive
```

In order to ensure your users still have access to all their important files, our app automatically makes an intelligent decision on which folder becomes the source of truth when multiple users have conflicting views.

> Users can be scanned or transferred in any order. Conflict resolution will happen on both scan and transfer regardless of order (scan first, transfer first, etc).It is recommended that administrators and department heads be scanned or transferred first. This determines the order of conflict resolution, with administrators and department heads winning over other users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We automatically resolve conflicts between ownership. This will happen on either a scan or a transfer, whichever you perform first. We recommend you always scan first. Once run, this may not be undone.

Users may be scanned in any order. To prioritize conflict resolution please scan users in preferred priority order. Typically customers scan their department heads so they are assigned any ownership conflicts. After that, scanning the rest of your users in any order in statistically just fine.
```

> The google assignment process is fairly complicated; however, there are some basic rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Google assignment process is fairly complicated; however, there are some basic rules:
```

> 1. When a folder in the root of a user's /My Drive conflicts with a folder in another user's /My Drive/subfolder, the subfolder always will win. Root folders never take priority over a subfolder during a conflict.

Reviewer: Is this always true? What if I scan the user with /My Drive first?

Author: @EricWarnke : In that case Root folder will win.

Author: I updated the statement to 
```
1. When a folder in the root of a _User A/My Drive_ conflicts with a folder in another _User B/My Drive/subfolder_, the subfolder will win if the _User B_ is scanned first.
```

> 2. If a folder exists as a subfolder in users drive and if we determine that as a permanent location for folder, our app transfers ownership of the entire folder and all of its contents to that user, and shares it again with the users that lost the conflict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If we determine _User A/My Drive/subfolder_ as a permanent location for _User A_, our app transfers ownership of the entire subfolder and all of its contents to _User A_ and shares it again with any collaborators.
```

> 3. A folder can be "orphaned" by not existing in a My Drive.It can also be orphaned if it exists in a My Drive at the root, but is not owned by that user, and it doesn't exist in anyone else's My Drive including the Owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A folder can be "orphaned" by not existing in a My Drive. It can also be orphaned if it exists in a My Drive at the root, but is not owned by that user, and it doesn't exist in anyone else's My Drive including the Owner. **Orphaned items are very rare, but they will not be migrated!**
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Layman's terms:
> For Google Drive, for each user, starting at their root My Drive, we descend into all root folders they own, and then all sub folders regardless of ownership. We transfer content to them while sharing out editors and viewer permissions on any folders, as required. We only stop descending when we find a folder that has already been copied by another user who transferred earlier, including potentially folders at the root My Drive level.

### A user story:
> Any folders I own in my My Drive I will own in OneDrive. I will also own the contents of these folders, whether I technically owned the contents before or not. This is true unless my coworker transfers before me and they become the owner, in which case I will see a shortcut link to my coworker's content in my OneDrive exactly where I expected that folder to be.

```

> Here is a visual guide to the google assignment process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Here is a visual guide to the google assignment process:

Reviewer: Let's remove the visuals. I'm thinking they might cause more questions. The user story I wrote is more useful for an admin who needs to explain it to their users.

> ![Decision tree for G Suite](media/google_assignment_flowchart.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Before and after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ![G Suite Drive before and after](media/google_assignment_before_after.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
